I am Kiyoshi Atsumi, or as referred by my
fans, Tora San, born in 1928.
I am the main actor of the TV series that
holds the Guinness World Record for the longest-running
movie series starring a single actor known
as , "It's tough being a man”.
It resembles a kind-hearted vagabond who is
always unlucky in love.
It spans over 48 installments released between
1969 and 1995.
Each film featured a different leading lady,
called a Madonna, and a different region of
Japan.
Two films were usually made each year between
1969 and 1989, one for summer and one for
New Year release.
From 1990 to 1995 only one film was made each
year.
The longest series almost came to an end in
1996 with my health declining from lung cancer
at age 68, without Tora-san ever settling
down and finding domestic happiness.
I was so identified with the Tora-san character
that my death was also considered by fans
to be the death of Tora-san.
In 2019, the 50th Tora-san film named, Wish
You Were Here, was released.
I appeared throughout the film as flashbacks,
using footage from my dozens of performances
as Tora-san in the previous films, with the
cast members in contemporary Tokyo recalling
my presence in their lives.
Maybe my deepest message in my acting was
that we shouldn’t always seek answers and
run blindly to our goals.
I deliberately refrained from taking things
too far.
This is because I understood very well that
pursuing things to their conclusion does not
always lead to happiness.
Maybe those values do not hold these days
but I hope my memory placed true smile and
warmth in many people hearts!
Excuse me, I have to meet Sakura over there,
isn’t she beautiful?